This is from this YouTube playlist: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1v3_AQ26jZ0&list=PLKnIA16_Rmvbr7zKYQuBfsVkjoLcJgxHH&index=2

There are three main part of AI

AI - Artificial Intelligence : Where We can add thinking capabilities to a machine
ML - Machine learning : This is sub set of AI where we train machine like we will provide images of dogs with features
like it have mustache, tail and other things
DL - Deep Learning : It is subset of the Machine learning where we didn't provide any features to system, System will
identify the patterns in the data

Deep learning become more and more reliable when we train it on more and more data, but ML learning after a particular
 amount of data become linear

Deep learning we will use at the places where we have huge data


Types of Machine Learning:
Based on Supervision Needed to train algorithm:
1. Supervised Learning: It is the algorithm where we have input and output, then we this data to model and model will create
a relation between input and output, then we give it new input, then it will provide us output, i.e we have data for 5000
students where we have CGPA, IQ and Placed. We train our data on 5000 records, then we will provide CGPA and IQ , then the model
will tell if placement will be done or not

Below are two types of the supervised learning based on the output. We have two kind of output Number and Categorical
i.e  In above example if our output will be in number like package it will be numerical
    a. Regression:  Output for this problem will be in numeric
    b. Classification: Output for this will be categorical i.e: Yes/No, Male/Female, Nation

2. Unsupervised Learning: In this we have only input i.e IQ and CGPA
    a. Clustering : In clustering we will group similar data points togather

    b. Dimensionality Reduction: When we have input where we have multiple dimensions, then using this alog we can reduce
    the dimension of the data, i.e if we have data for building noOfRooms | noOfWashRooms, In this algo we can convert them
    in single column i.e areSquareFt so that we can reduce dimesion

    c. Anomaly Detection: a machine learning technique used to identify rare items, events, or observations that deviate
    significantly from the rest of the data
    : Sensors on factory turbines track vibrations, temperature, and pressure to predict equipment failure before it happens.
    : Medical devices flag sudden, irregular heartbeats (arrhythmias) or abnormal EEG brain activity.

    d. Association Rule learning: It is used to discover the hidden relationship/pattern among the variable in large dataset,
    i.e In Big stores like BigBazar if we see past 100 bills and find that whenever there is purchase of Milk, 60% times eggs
    also bought, so we will keep these items togather
    it is used in: Market Basket Analysis, Recommendation Systems, HealthCare Analytics

3. Semi-supervised Learning: It is the mix of supervised and unsupervised learning. i.e Google Photos in this we will
    label only one photo, then all other photos of that person are automatically grouped based on the label

4. Reinforcement Learning: a machine learning paradigm where an autonomous agent learns to make decisions by performing
    actions in an environment to maximize a cumulative reward
    examples: a self-driving car software or a chess bot


Batch Learning: A machine learning approach where a model is trained using the entire dataset all at once.
    I.e we are creating a recommendation engine for Netflix, we have all the data offline we created and trained model
    on the available data, then deployed a trained model to the cloud.
    When on netflix a new movie is uploaded, then our model will not work for that movie; we need to train our model on the new
    data then deploy that model again on cloud

    Disadvantage of Batch Learning:
        1. Lots of Data: When we have a large dataset that becomes impossible to load in memory i.e Social media data, in
            that case it becomes hard to retrain the model
        2. Hardware Limitation: If our model running on a place where we don't have internet connectivity, in that case
            it will become hard to get and redeploy the model with new learning
        3. Availability: In batch learning we need to train our data on new data after a certain period it may be 1 day/week/month
            depends on the data we are working on,
    I.e Image recognition

Online-Learning: Online machine learning is a training method where a model updates its parameters sequentially
   and continuously as new data instances arrive one at a time or in small mini-batches.
   Suppose we have data of 50 GB, So we can't load that at once in the memory as hardware limitations, So we can use online
   learning.
   In online Learning we will train our model on small mini-batches and use that, In this approach model will learn from the
   new data that came, In this way model will become more and more accurate with the time
   I.e This is used where data changes very frequently like in stock market, Healthcare

